README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Complete brutalist redesign of landing page
Rebuilt site with minimal dependencies and pure brutalist aesthetic:
- Pure black/white/neon green color scheme
- Removed Tremor and lucide-react dependencies
- Restructured to src/ directory with server-first architecture
- Updated all components: hero, projects, focus areas, footer, header
- Condensed copy throughout, removed marketing fluff
- Added project showcases: DigiDov (live), VR Locomotion (R&D), SuperMint (archived)
- Implemented pulsing beacon for live status
- Two-column capabilities section (Web3 + VR only)
- Direct email contact, minimal social links
- Fixed rel=noopener for security on external links

README.md, after:

## Dovindustries Landing Experience

This repo powers the public-facing Dovindustries HQ - a server-first Next.js 16 application that showcases active projects, operating metrics, and collaboration lanes. The UI blends Tailwind CSS v4 tokens with Tremor data visualisations for a crisp, high-signal experience.

## Stack

- Next.js 16 (App Router, React Server Components by default)
- React 19
- Tailwind CSS v4 via `@tailwindcss/postcss` (inline theming lives in `src/app/globals.css`)
- Tremor (`@tremor/react`) for KPI cards and charts
- Geist fonts with `next/font`

## Development

```bash
# install deps
pnpm install

# run locally
pnpm dev

# lint
pnpm lint

# build preview
pnpm build && pnpm start
```

Open <http://localhost:3000> to explore the site. Content lives in `src/app/page.tsx` with supporting components under `src/components/`.

## Deployment Notes

- Designed for Vercel / edge-friendly deployments.
- Tremor currently lists React 18 as its peer dependency; React 19 works in practice but keep an eye on upstream releases.
- Tailwind 4 configuration relies on the inline theme API - no `tailwind.config.ts` file is present.

## Contributions

Pull requests are welcome for content updates, new sections, and performance tweaks. Keep components server-first, isolate any `"use client"` usage, and follow the patterns documented in `CLAUDE.md`.
